18 127 breaking radio silence I have
spotted Kitty galore your mission will
be revealed at HQ this world will
self-destruct but first a little dance
next summer how you doing big shot good
not good yeah I'm gonna borrow it take
on a new breed of evil hi will its label
mankind someone's having a bad hair day
you sworn enemies will have to do the
unthinkable and dogs will have to work
together
am I the only one who thinks this is a
bad idea Warner Brothers Richard I can't
find my dog
have you seen him anywhere I loved a
spider this is her story three species
putting aside our differences to solve a
mystery real professional yeah I slipped
I don't know anything I tell you my
brain is the size of a grape or raise it
either a big raise
a spot on your tummy and if I take light
you're full of
now that's just a myth oh boy oh boy
that's it got the dogs the revenge of
Kitty galore it's up with these guys
hopped up on catnip oh did I saw a Clank
others degree next summer